Add a lightweight scheduler subsystem (#60932)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/subsys/ll_sched/README.rst

> .. _ll_sched-sample:
> 
> Low-Latency (LL) Scheduler
> ##########################

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. zephyr:code-sample:: ll_sched
   :name: Low Latency (LL) Scheduler
   :relevant-api: HERE_THE_DOXYGEN_GROUP_FOR_NEW_LL_API

   Use the low latency scheduler to schedule a task.
```

Overview
********

> This sample demonstrates the use of the LL scheduler. It ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample demonstrates the use of the LL scheduler, and goes through the following steps:
```
